Carla's Audio Narrative
I began my audio narrative by creating an outline of what I wanted to include in my day in the life narrative. I jotted down a couple audio clips that I wanted to include and bean searching for ones that would work on the free sounds website. I started out by finding a clip that was an alarm sound to display waking up first thing in the morning. I happened to find the exact sound that I use on my phone, so I added the clip into audacity. I then wanted to make it sound like the alarm was being shut off so I added a clicking audio. I also added a yawning sound to make this seem more realistic. Next I found an audio that sounded similar to hair brushing to incorporate sounds displaying me getting ready for the day. I want to add more audio files for this part, but I did not get a chance to record my own yet so I wanted to start with just this one as the base. Next I added audio representing car sounds as if I am leaving my house, and heading to practice in the morning. I am still playing around with the audio clips I added but this is how I wanted to get started and I am really happy with the base. I also want to find a background song to play thorughout the audio, like in the examples we listened to. I plan to record clips from my day and add onto what I have started. I also need to cite the audio files I used so I saved all of the links and will be creating the citations as well. 
Added all of the sources that I have so far under the TASL file in my repo
